\chapter*{Preface}
\addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Preface} %Adds preface to the table of contents

% See also: frontmatter/blurb.tex
\textit{\bookfulltitle} is an introduction to linear algebra for
students in the first or second year of university. The book contains
enough material for a 2-semester course. Major topics of linear
algebra are presented in detail, and many applications are
given. Although it is not a proof-oriented book, proofs of most
important theorems are provided. 

Each section begins with a list of desired outcomes which a student
should be able to achieve upon completing the chapter.  Throughout the
text, examples and diagrams are given to reinforce ideas and provide
guidance on how to approach various problems. Students are encouraged
to work through the suggested exercises provided at the end of each
section. Selected solutions to these exercises are given at the end of
the text.

\subsection*{Open text}

This is an open text, licensed under the Creative Commons
``CC~BY~4.0'' license. This means, among other things, that you are
permitted to copy and redistribute this textbook in any medium or
format. For example, you can download this textbook for free, print
copies for yourself or others, or share it on the internet.

The license also permits making changes. This is ideal for instructors
who would like to add their own material, change notations, or add
more examples or exercises. If you make revisions, please send them to
me so that I can consider incorporating them in future versions of
this book. Please see
\url{https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/} for details of the
licensing terms.

This textbook has a website at
\url{https://www.mathstat.dal.ca/~selinger/linear-algebra/}.  There,
you can find the most up-to-date version. The website also contains
supplementary material, a link to the source code and license, options
for purchasing a printed version of this book, and more.

\subsection*{Reporting typos}

Like all books, this book likely contains some typos and other
errors. However, since it is an open text, typos can easily be fixed
and an updated version posted online. It is my intention to fix all
typos. If you find a typo (no matter how small), please report it to
me at
\href{mailto:selinger@mathstat.dal.ca}{selinger@mathstat.dal.ca}. Thanks
to the following people who have already reported typos: Yaser
Alkayale, Courtney Baumgartner, Kieran Bhaskara, Serena Drouillard,
Robert Earle, Warren Fisher, Esa Hannila, Melissa Huggan, Xiaoyu Jia,
Arman Kerimbek, Peter Lake, Marie-Andr\'ee Langlois, Brenda Le, Sarah
Li, Ian MacIntosh, Li Wei Men, Deklan Mengering, Dallas Sawtell, Alain
Schaerer, Yi Shu, Bruce Smith, Asmita Sodhi, Michael St Denis, Daniele
Turchetti, Liu Yuhao, and Ziqi Zhang.
